Docs: Policy Syntax page to include UI details. (#25449)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/concepts/policies.mdx

As a result, if a policy is modified, the modified rules will be in force the
next time a token, with that policy attached, is used to make a call to Vault.

## UI Related

The Vault UI may require different ACL capabilities compared to the CLI. When [enabled](/vault/docs/configuration/ui#activating-the-vault-ui) 
and using the `default` policy the following paths are automatically included:

 - [/sys/internal/ui/mounts](/vault/api-docs/system/internal-ui-mounts) 
 - [/sys/internal/ui/resultant-acl](/vault/api-docs/system/internal-ui-resultant-acl) 

These UI related API paths may not be changed or altered via any policy once the UI 
is enabled.

The [/sys/internal/ui/mounts](/vault/api-docs/system/internal-ui-mounts) API provide a 
list of mounts as per what's typically visible when logging into Vault and observing the 
personal cubbyhole for example. The listing of mounts are determined by [the `listing_visibility` parameter](/vault/api-docs/system/mounts#listing_visibility) 
that may be configured during the initial enabling of the mount or otherwise 
[tuned afterwards](/vault/api-docs/system/auth#tune-auth-method).

> The [/sys/internal/ui/resultant-acl](/vault/api-docs/system/internal-ui-resultant-acl) API 
> is required for appropriate adaptation to responses used by the UI and if it were
> inaccessible then you may observe related warning or error messages within the UI itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault uses the [/sys/internal/ui/resultant-acl](/vault/api-docs/system/internal-ui-resultant-acl)
endpoint to repackage information used by the UI. If you do not have have
permission to call the `ui/resultant-acl` endpoint, you may receive warnings or
errors in the UI.
```

I'm not sure I actually understood what this block was trying to say, so may edits may not be entirely accurate.

> ~> **Note:** [/sys/internal/ui/mounts](/vault/api-docs/system/internal-ui-mounts) is only used 
> internally for UI or CLI preflight checks and it is an unauthenticated API. When a `X-Vault-Token` 
> is presented with requests, the response will include additional mounts which the token has 
> been granted path capabilities on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note title="The ui/mounts endpoint is unauthenticated"> 

  Vault uses the endpoint for UI and CLI preflight checks and is intended for
  internal use only. Requests that include an `X-Vault-Token` will return
  all mounts the token has path capabilities on.

</Note>
```

> !> **Note:** No policy adjustment or overwrite can be made to these UI related path. The 
> default `deny` or other policies targeting these paths with an [explicit `deny`](/vault/docs/concepts/policies#deny)
> capability will have no effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Moved to the beginning of the section

As a result, if a policy is modified, the modified rules will be in force the
next time a token, with that policy attached, is used to make a call to Vault.

## UI Related

> The Vault UI has a few considerations that are different to the capabilities 
> granted to all other CLI or API paths. When the [UI is `enabled`](/vault/docs/configuration/ui#activating-the-vault-ui) 
> and using the `default` policy the following paths are automatically included:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Vault UI may require different ACL capabilities compared to the CLI. When [enabled](/vault/docs/configuration/ui#activating-the-vault-ui) 
and using the `default` policy the following paths are automatically included:
```

As a result, if a policy is modified, the modified rules will be in force the
next time a token, with that policy attached, is used to make a call to Vault.

> ## UI policy restrictions
> 
> The Vault UI may require different ACL capabilities compared to the CLI. The
> `default` UI policy includes the following paths, **which cannot be modified with
> subsequent policies** once you
> [enable](/vault/docs/configuration/ui#activating-the-vault-ui) the UI:
> 
>  - [/sys/internal/ui/mounts](/vault/api-docs/system/internal-ui-mounts) 
>  - [/sys/internal/ui/resultant-acl](/vault/api-docs/system/internal-ui-resultant-acl) 
> 
> <Note title="Set UI policies before enabling the UI"> 
> 
>   You cannot make policy adjustments or overwrites to the `ui/mounts` and
>   `ui/resultant-acl` endpoints once you enable the Vault UI. Vault ignores
>   policy updates that target these paths with
>   [explicit `deny`](/vault/docs/concepts/policies#deny) capabilities.
> 
> </Note>
> 
> The `/sys/internal/ui/mounts` endpoint provides a list of currently visible
> mounts. The visibility of a mount is determined by the
> [`listing_visibility`](/vault/api-docs/system/mounts#listing_visibility)
> parameter of the mount. Visibility can be set when the mount is enabled or tuned
> at a later time with the [sys/auth](/vault/api-docs/system/auth#tune-auth-method)
> endpoint.
> 
> Vault uses the [/sys/internal/ui/resultant-acl](/vault/api-docs/system/internal-ui-resultant-acl)
> endpoint to repackage information used by the UI. If you do not have have
> permission to call the `ui/resultant-acl` endpoint, you may receive warnings or
> errors in the UI.
> 
> <Note title="The ui/mounts endpoint is unauthenticated"> 
> 
>   Vault uses the endpoint for UI and CLI preflight checks and is intended for
>   internal use only. Requests that include an `X-Vault-Token` will return
>   all mounts the token has path capabilities on.
> 
> </Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## UI policy requirements

@include 'ui/policy-requirements.mdx'
```

Updated to use the new partial
